# SocialSwap
Hackathon da Polygon 28/04/2023


THE PROBLEM

The credibility of impact data 
The difficulty in proving the impact data of social projects and monitoring financial transfers are challenges faced by organizations that work with social development. The lack of transparency in the process of transferring resources and the difficulty in accurately measuring the results obtained make decision-making difficult and can lead to waste.

THE SOLUTION

We propose a validation platform for entities, institutions, and reported data, to generate credibility and cooperation in sustainable development initiatives through three main strategies:

Issue and commercialization of carbon credits to finance projects aligned with the SDGs (amounts are allocated directly to projects through smart contracts);
Training and implementation of entities for issuing SSIs and validating IDs and reporting data;
Certified issuance of impact reports.
SOFTWARE

Trusting Network is proud to use cutting-edge technologies to provide the best possible user experience. Our platform is built on the Polygon blockchain, which provides fast and low-cost transactions for trading CBIO tokens within the SSI solution for secure verification of data and agents.

We have also implemented the ERC-20 standard for CBIO tokens, which ensures their compatibility with a wide range of wallets and other blockchain applications. Our front end is built on React, one of the most popular and user-friendly frameworks for building web applications.

To further increase the liquidity of our CBIO tokens, we are also adding them to a liquidity pool on QuickSwap, a decentralized exchange built on the Polygon network. By using the Fusion Protocol, we can execute orders on this liquidity pool with minimal slippage and high efficiency, ensuring that investors can trade CBIO tokens quickly and easily.

ALIGNMENT WITH THE SDGS

(Focus on SDG 17 and 16, Secondary objectives in SDG 7, 10,11,13,14,15. Details in the link)

MVP VALIDATION PLAN (and how the solution will work)

To validate our MVP, we intend to promote partnerships to issue carbon credits from the 23,539 hectares of Atlantic forest present in the metropolitan region of Rio de Janeiro and keep a percentage of the amounts in the network to finance projects for the development of the slums surrounding the reserves.  

And for the first impact project, register the Rio 2030 Agenda project on the platform.

The choice is strategic:

The potential of the Brazilian carbon market

The potential of the Brazilian carbon market

Casa Fluminense (an NGO institution) prepares a political agenda every 2 years based on the priorities of the territories. The Agenda Rio 2030 project, in partnership with the NGO Data_labe, trains residents on the outskirts of Rio de Janeiro as researchers and civil agents, mapping the development priorities of the affected areas.

Brazilian inequality data

HOW WILL IT WORK 

We will issue the SSI IDs of the NGOs through the analogical validation of the data (registration of the NGOs, time of operation, service history through public works, press mentions, confirmation of the participating agents, registration of employment relationships, publication of public notices... )

The platform will use the collected data to help the projects registered in the beta test (second round of projects) to create their MEAL systems for socio-environmental impact.

We will validate the research data to issue the platform's first socio-environmental impact report.

Expected results:

Validate the solution;
Transparency and tracking of funds showing which impacts were generated and which agents acted and how they acted to generate these impacts shown and with that:
Facilitate the generation and proof of impact for accountability of donors (in this case, the government responsible for the environmental reserve);
Valuing carbon credits through impact data added to the credit;
Have a first successful case and create interest in the use of the platform's SSI issuance and validation solution by at least 2 government institutions (to facilitate the validation of SSIs in the beta test)
About beta plans:

Accompany the projects of local researchers contemplated by the Notice of Casa Fluminense with the aim of:
Co-create the MEAL for socio-environmental impact;
Understand the friction points and functional patterns in the application of MEAL systems;
Improve data validation systems;
Expand the network and study an efficient way to build a reputation system based on the effectiveness of the measurement systems adopted, the percentage of goals achieved in the project, calculation of the proportion of impact generated by invested resources; We understand that building a reputation based on the sheer amount of impact generated and the volume of validations or votes will continue to make access difficult for smaller projects that have few resources to reach a larger number of people.
FAVORABLE FACTS:

Blockchain for notarial records in Brazilian notaries

Regulamentação do mercado voluntário de carbono de floresta nativa



